Recursion is the process of defining a problem (or the solution to a problem) in terms of (a simpler version of) itself.

For example, we can define the operation "find your way home" as:

    If you are at home, stop moving.

    Take one step toward home.

    "find your way home".

Here the solution to finding your way home is two steps (three steps). First, we don't go home if we are already home. Secondly, we do a very simple action that makes our situation simpler to solve. Finally, we redo the entire algorithm. 

 All recursive algorithms must have the following:

    Base Case (i.e., when to stop)

    Work toward Base Case

    Recursive Call (i.e., call ourselves)

The "work toward base case" is where we make the problem simpler (e.g., divide list into two parts, each smaller than the original). The recursive call, is where we use the same algorithm to solve a simpler version of the problem. The base case is the solution to the "simplest" possible problem (For example, the base case in the problem 'find the largest number in a list' would be if the list had only one number... and by definition if there is only one number, it is the largest). 

The Tower of Hanoi (also called The problem of Benares Temple or Tower of Brahma or Lucas' Tower and sometimes pluralized as Towers, or simply pyramid puzzle) is a mathematical game or puzzle consisting of three rods and a number of disks of various diameters, which can slide onto any rod. The puzzle begins with the disks stacked on one rod in order of decreasing size, the smallest at the top, thus approximating a conical shape. The objective of the puzzle is to move the entire stack to the last rod, obeying the following rules:

    Only one disk may be moved at a time.
    Each move consists of taking the upper disk from one of the stacks and placing it on top of another stack or on an empty rod.
    No disk may be placed on top of a disk that is smaller than it.

With 3 disks, the puzzle can be solved in 7 moves. The minimal number of moves required to solve a Tower of Hanoi puzzle is 2n − 1, where n is the number of disks. 



Write a recursive function that solves the Tower of Hanoi puzzle. The objective of this puzzle is to move
various sized rings from one pole to another by using an auxiliary pole. The rules are that only one ring can be
moved at a time and no ring can be placed on top of a smaller sized ring.
